Archeomatica
Materials Research
Space and Culture, India
African Journal on Conflict Resolution
Organic Communications
Records of Natural Products
International Journal of ACM Jordan
Advances in Computer Science : an International Journal
Journal of Tumor
ALSIC : Apprentissage des Langues et Systèmes d'Information et de Communication
Revista de Estudios Cooperativos
Ibérica
Aemaet
Opuscula Mathematica
Computer Science
SCRIPT-ed
AIP Advances
APL Materials
AJIT-e : Online Academic Journal of Information Technology
Journal of Asymmetry
BAR. Brazilian Administration Review
Revista de Administra？？o Contemporanea
Ambiente & Sociedade
Verbum et Ecclesia
African Journal of Laboratory Medicine
Curationis
HTS Theological Studies/Teologiese Studies
Health SA Gesondheid
In die Skriflig
Journal of the South African Veterinary Association
Jàmbá : Journal of Disaster Risk Studies
Koedoe : African Protected Area Conservation and Science
Koers : Bulletin for Christian Scholarship
Literator
Onderstepoort Journal of Veterinary Research
Pythagoras
South African Journal of Human Resource Management
South African Journal of Industrial Psychology
South African Journal of Information Management
Suid-Afrikaanse Tydskrif vir Natuurwetenskap en Tegnologie
Integral Review
ARPN Journal of Systems and Software
Journal of Emerging Trends in Computing and Information Sciences
Journal of Internet Banking and Commerce
Rect@
Zeitschrift für die Welt der Türken
Coaching Psykologi : the Danish Journal of Coaching Psychology
Skandinaviske Sprogstudier
Brasiliana : Journal for Brazilian Studies
Communication & Language at Work
SoundEffects
Abstracta : Linguagem, Mente e A？？o
Anais da Academia Brasileira de Ciências
Arquivos de Neuro-Psiquiatria
African Journal of Biotechnology
International Journal of Zoological Research
International Journal Bioautomation
European Journal of Contemporary Education
European Journal of Molecular Biotechnology
History and Historians in the Context of the Time
International Journal of Research and Reviews in Applied Sciences
World Journal on Educational Technology
Leonardo Electronic Journal of Practices and Technologies
Leonardo Journal of Sciences
Revista Fiabilitate si Durabilitate
Academicus : International Scientific Journal
Advanced Computing : an International Journal
International Journal of Ad Hoc, Sensor & Ubiquitous Computing
International Journal of Artificial Intelligence & Applications
International Journal of Computer Networks & Communications
International Journal of Computer Science & Information Technology
International Journal of Computer Science and Engineering Survey
International Journal of Data Mining & Knowledge Management Process
International Journal of Database Management Systems
International Journal of Distributed and Parallel Systems
International Journal of Grid Computing & Applications
International Journal of Managing Information Technology (IJMIT)
International Journal of Multimedia & Its Applications
International Journal of Network Security & Its Applications
International Journal of Next-Generation Networks
International Journal of Software Engineering & Applications
International Journal of UbiComp
International Journal of VLSI Design & Communication Systems
International Journal of Web & Semantic Technology
International Journal of Wireless & Mobile Networks
International Journal on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks
International Journal on Soft Computing
Signal & Image Processing
Journal of Advances in Information Technology
Journal of Computers
Journal of Emerging Technologies in Web Intelligence
Journal of Multimedia
Journal of Networks
Journal of Software
European Journal of Interdisciplinary Studies
Amfiteatru Economic
Malaysian Family Physician
International Review of Management and Business Research
International Journal of Medical Dentistry
Mathematics and its Applications : Annals of the Academy of Romanian Scientists
South African Journal of Science
Acta Medica Academica
Contemporary Materials
Ceramics-Silikáty
International Journal of Cyber Society and Education
International Journal of Electronic Commerce Studies
Atti della Accademia Peloritana dei Pericolanti : Classe di Scienze Fisiche, Matematiche e Naturali
ACTA MATHEMATICA UNIVERSITATIS COMENIANAE
International Journal of Soft Computing and Software Engineering
Advanced Electromagnetics
International Journal of Drug Delivery
International Journal of Phytomedicine
Ad？yaman University International Journal of Social Science
Pan African Medical Journal
Journal of Theoretical Educational Science
Open Access Journal of Science and Technology
Journal of Agricultural Extension
Tropicultura
Acta Scientiarum Polonorum : Technologia Alimentaria
Albanian Journal of Agricultural Sciences
Boletín Latinoamericano y del Caribe de Plantas Medicinales y Aromáticas
Journal of Kirsehir Education Faculty
Jundishapur Journal of Microbiology
Jundishapur Journal of Natural Pharmaceutical Products
Jundishapur Scientific Medical Journal
International Journal of Herbal Medicine
Journal of Entomology and Zoology Studies
Journal of Pharmacognosy and Phytochemistry
Zeitschrift für Katalanistik
Analele ？tiin？ifice Ale Universit？？ii Alexandru Ioan Cuza din Ia？i,Sectiunea II A : Genetica si Biologie Moleculara
Eastern Journal of European Studies
International Journal of Conservation Science
Journal of Plant Development
Meta : Research in Hermeneutics, Phenomenology and Practical Philosophy
Review of Economic and Business Studies (REBS)
Scientific Annals of Alexandru Ioan Cuza University of Iasi. New Series, Section 2. Vegetal Biology
Scientific Annals of Computer Science
Soil Forming Factors and Processes from the Temperate Zone
Sport si Societate : Revista de Educatie Fizica, Sport si Stiinte Conexe
Agathos : an International Review of the Humanities and Social Sciences
American Journal of Engineering Research
Ellipsis
Journal of Microbiology & Biology Education
Journal of Exercise Physiology - Online
Communications in Control Science and Engineering (CCSE)
Studies in Surveying and Mapping Science
American Studies Journal
Theological Librarianship
Comprehensive Psychology
Ana Dili E？itimi Dergisi
Anadolu University Journal of Science and Technology - C. Life Sciences and Biotechnology
Anadolu University Journal of Science and Technology. A : Applied Sciences and Engineering
The Turkish Online Journal of Distance Education
Anaesthesia, Pain & Intensive Care
Anagnórisis : Revista de Investigación Teatral
Ancilla Iuris
Lexicometrica
Tradu？？o & Comunica？？o : Revista Brasileira de Tradutores
Fe Dergi : Feminist Ele？tiri
Journal of Reliability and Statistical Studies
Annals of Mechnikov's Institute
Revista Redescri？？es : Revista on-line do GT de Pragmatismo e Filosofia Norte-Americana
Anthropology of Food
Antrocom : Online Journal of Anthropology
AIBR : Revista de Antropología Iberoamericana
Impulse : an Undergraduate Journal for Neuroscience
Carbon : Science and Technology
International Arab Journal of e-Technology
Iranian Journal of Toxicology
Journal für Generationengerechtigkeit
Samples : Notizen, Projekte und Kurzbeitr？ge zur Popularmusikforschung
Interdisciplinaria Archaeologica : Natural Sciences in Archaeology
Archives of Pharmacy Practice
Archnet-IJAR : International Journal of Architectural Research
3c Tecnologia
Southwest Journal of Pulmonary and Critical Care
Journal of Armed Forces Medical College, Bangladesh
Arqueología Iberoamericana
Articulo : Journal of Urban Research
Asia-Pacific Journal : Japan Focus
Asian Economic and Financial Review
Asian Journal of Agriculture and Rural Development
International Journal of Asian Social Science
International Journal of Marketing Practices
Asian Journal of Medical Sciences
Asian Journal of Epidemiology
Asian Journal of Mathematics & Statistics
Asian Journal of Scientific Research
Biotechnology
Information Technology Journal
International Journal of Pharmacology
Journal of Applied Sciences
Journal of Artificial Intelligence
Journal of Biological Sciences
Journal of Environmental Science and Technology
Pakistan Journal of Biological Sciences
Plant Pathology Journal
The International Journal of Applied Economics and Finance
Journal of Theoretical and Applied Information Technology
Journal of Engineering and Applied Sciences
Revista Argentina de Anatomia Online
Infectio
Acta Medica Colombiana
Revista Colombiana de Psiquiatría
Ecolog？-a austral
Memorias de la Conferencia Interna en Medicina y Aprovechamiento de Fauna Silvestre, Exótica y no Convencional
452o F : Revista de Teoría de la Literatura y Literatura Comparada
Cuadernos de Medicina Forense
Revista Argentina de Anatomía Clínica
Revista Argentina de Dermatología
Diaeta
Argos
Geoacta
Horticultura Argentina
Revista argentina de microbiolog？-a
Rétor
Latin American Journal of Sedimentology and Basin Analysis
Ciencia del Suelo
Cuadernos de Economía y Dirección de la Empresa
Revista Colombiana de Cirugía
Revista Colombiana de Gastroenterologia
Revista Colombiana de Reumatología
Encrucijadas : Revista Crítica de Ciencias Sociales
Revista Costarricense de Cardiología
Medicina Legal de Costa Rica
Revista Costarricense de Salud Pública
Impossibilia : Revista Internacional de Estudios Literarios
Trama y Fondo : Revista de Cultura
Revista de Economía Crítica
Investigaciones Regionales
Motricidad : European Journal of Human Movement
Gestión Joven
Ecosistemas
Estudios Irlandeses : Journal of Irish Studies
Revista de la Asociación Espa？ola de Neuropsiquiatría
Pediatría Atención Primaria
International Journal of Clinical and Health Psychology
Revista de Toxicología
Revista de la Asociación Geológica Argentina
Cuadernos de Herpetología
Historia 2.0 : Conocimiento Histórico en Clave Digital
Revista Electrónica de Investigación y Evaluación Educativa
Revista ANACEM
Nueva antropología
TOG : Revista de Terapia Ocupacional de la APGTO
Electronic Journal of Biomedicine
T？3picos
Revista Electronica Interuniversitaria de Formación del Profesorado
Revista del Hospital Materno Infantil Ramón Sardá
Revista Eureka sobre Ense？anza y Divulgación de las Ciencias
？édille : Revista de Estudios Franceses
Revista de Psicología y Educación
Revista Espa？ola de Innovación, Calidad e Ingeniería del Software
Revista Romana de Studii Baltice si Nordice
Historia Actual Online
Revista Brasileira de Educa？？o
Tethys : Journal of Mediterranean Meteorology & Climatology
Anthropologie & Santé : Revue Internationale Francophone d'Anthropologie de la Santé
EspacesTemps.net
Finance Contr？le Stratégie
Strenae : Recherches sur les Livres et Objets Culturels de l'Enfance
Mise au Point : Cahiers de l’Association Fran？aise des Enseignants et Chercheurs en Cinéma et Audiovisuel
Potravinarstvo : Scientific Journal for Food Industry
Revue Internationale de Pédagogie de l’Enseignement Supérieur
SociologieS
Genre & Histoire
Revue de la Régulation : Capitalisme, Institutions, Pouvoirs
Interventions économiques
Voix Plurielles
Recherche et Pratiques Pédagogiques en Langues de Spécialité : Cahiers de l'APLIUT
Journal of Cognitive-Behavioral Psychotherapy and Research
Journal of Applied Quantitative Methods
International Journal of Designs for Learning
Journal of Financial Counseling and Planning
Journal of North East India Studies
Journal of Social Studies Education Research
International Journal of Education Policy and Leadership
Psychology, Society & Education
International Journal of Cognitive Research in Science, Engineering and Education
Transatlantica : Revue d'études Américaines
Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons
Bosnian Journal of Basic Medical Sciences
Bulgarian e-Journal of Archaeology
Hemijska Industrija
Journal of Association of Chest Physicians
Issues in Science and Technology Librarianship : a quarterly publication of the Science and Technology Section, Association of College and Research Libraries
International Journal of Advanced Computer Research
Journal of Engineering, Project, and Production Management
Journal of Clinical and Experimental Investigations
Journal of Microbiology and Infectious Diseases
APSP Journal of Case Reports
Research in Sierra Leone Studies : Weave
Geodetski Vestnik
Chemical Industry and Chemical Engineering Quarterly
Revue de Géographie Alpine
Traitement Automatique des Langues
European Journal of Remote Sensing
Moneta e Credito
PSL Quarterly Review
Hystrix : the Italian Journal of Mammalogy
Vibrant: Virtual Brazilian Anthropology
Ceramica
Brazilian Political Science Review (Online)
Brazilian Journal of Medical and Biological Research
Revista Brasileira de Educa？？o Médica
Revista Brasileira de Enfermagem
Brazilian Journal of Operations & Production Management
Produ？？o
Revista Brasileira de Estudos de Popula？？o
Revista Brasileira de Estudos de Popula？？o
Plura : Revista de Estudos de Religi？o
Revista Brasileira de Milho e Sorgo
Horticultura Brasileira
Brazilian Journal of Otorhinolaryngology
Brazilian Journal of Physical Therapy
Revista Brasileira de Educa？？o Especial
Polímeros
Psicologia Escolar e Educacional
Psicologia & Sociedade
Revista Brasileira de Psiquiatria
Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia
Ciência & Saúde Coletiva
Soldagem & Inspe？？o
Revista Brasileira de Sementes
Revista ACB
RISTI - Revista Ibérica de Sistemas e Tecnologias de Informa？？o
Revista da Associa？？o Médica Brasileira
Revista Brasileira de História das Religi？es
Revista Mundos do Trabalho
Revista Brasileira de História
Transportes
Advances in Scientific and Applied Accounting
TAC : Tecnologias de Administra？？o e Contabilidade
Revista Brasileira de Ciências Sociais
Ambiente Construído
Conservar Património
História da Educa？？o
Revista Latinoamericana de Psicopatologia Fundamental
Pesquisa Brasileira em Odontopediatria e Clínica Integrada
Revista Brasileira de Terapia Intensiva
Trends in Psychiatry and Psychotherapy
Arts and Social Sciences Journal
Fisheries and Aquaculture Journal
Vestnik Astrahanskogo Gosudarstvennogo Tehni？eskogo Universiteta. Seria: Upravlenie, Vy？islitel？naa Tehnika i Informatika
Vestnik of Astrakhan State Technical University. Series: Marine Engineering and Technologies
Serbian Astronomical Journal
International Review of Research in Open and Distance Learning
Journal of Research Practice
Atlas Journal of Biology
AECL Nuclear Review
Journal of Ayurveda and Holistic Medicine
Albanian Journal of Mathematics
Arena : Journal of Physical Activities
Theory and Applications of Mathematics & Computer Science
Australian e-Journal of Theology
International Journal of Applied Linguistics and English Literature
International Journal of Mechatronics, Electrical and Computer Technology
Akademik Acil T？p Olgu Sunumlar？ Dergisi (AKATOS)
Anadolu Kardiyoloji Dergisi
Balkan Medical Journal
Cocuk Enfeksiyon Dergisi
Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology
Erciyes Medical Journal
Eurasian Journal of Medicine
Journal of Academic Emergency Medicine
Journal of the Turkish-German Gynecological Association
Klimik Journal
Turk Toraks Dergisi
Turkish Journal of Medical and Surgical Intensive Care Medicine
Turkish Journal of Urology
International Journal of Organ Transplantation Medicine
Working Paper of Public Health
International Journal of Advanced Computer Research
Journal of Engineering, Project, and Production Management
